what would we want in a program:

	visualization of: income > breakdown into accounts > expenses
		represent interest on accounts and frequency of income and expenses
		a way to group one-time expenses in a category or to show them seperately

	a way to set sources of income and the period/frequency at which they come
	including one-time sources of income like bonuses or gifts

	a way to set expenses and the period/frequency at which they come
	including one-time sources of expenses

✅	a way to visualize the amount of total money in each account at a certain date/time
	in the past and future predictions based on math

	a way to save the information and periodically create backups

	a way to export to a spreadsheet (CSV or XLSX)
	maybe a way to import from a CSV or XLSX to the program

	a way to set a goal:
		date we need the full amount by,
		amount of money the goal costs,
		length of period
		>> which shows that amount of money we would need to put towards the goal every {period_length}


I want to plot a Sankey plot/diagram

Pool:
	Just stores money
	Measures money within the pool anytime there's a change
	Calculates averages and all data needed

Stream:
	Represents money moving to and from Pools
	Can only take from one Pool
	Can distribute to many Pools


Keep inflation data updated and accounted for
Use AI / math to make predictions for yearly / monthly / weekly expenses. Allow manual override and manual input
	Use history to make predictions
Credit Card statements should have their expenses labelled with things like "restaurants", "groceries", "games", "car", etc.
	This might come from the bank itself
	Or we can use some kind of classification AI/ML model with manually labelled data to label the statements
Bank API to keep account balances up-to-date
Ability to search across accounts, expenses, incomes and see data related
	For expenses I want to see weekly average, monthly average, yearly average, num times appeared, total amount, etc. And all the
	times that expense showed up
	For accounts I want to see the same kind of weekly, monthly, yearly trends and future predictions in income, expenses, etc.
	For income I pretty much want the same things to show up as expenses
Should be able to rename and create labels for things, with a tree-like structure for the labels
Things should also be able to have more than one label or be unlabeled
Should be able to make calculations based off of labels
	Because we want to label things like taxable vs not-taxable and income or tfsa contributions or travel or cashflow or credit cards
	or gas etc.
	To calculate things like net worth and assets and liabilities
	Grouping things like house stuff and car stuff and travel
	Calculate average label value over week, month, year. So a tree-like structure 
Maybe the ability to "retire" labels if there's never going to be any more payments with that kind of thing labeled.
	Like if there's a label like "Japan 2023" we're obviously not going to label anything more with that after the trip stuff is
	dealt with.
Currency exchange rate by default according to my bank, otherwise according to a different source?

A way to enter private mode, where important numbers and names are hidden when toggled on



How do we represent future predictions? Things don't stay constant. Like salary grows or changes and we could use a way to plan those
kinds of things.
	Maybe for now we just start by representing past and current data and don't worry about future predictions and have that as an update
	for the future.